hazelcast-documentation/src/DistributedEvents.md, before:


# Distributed Events

Hazelcast allows you to register for entry events to get notified when events occurred. Event Listeners are cluster-wide so when a listener is registered in one member of cluster, it is actually registering for events originated at any member in the cluster. When a new member joins, events originated at the new member will also be delivered.

As a rule of thumb, event listener should not implement heavy processes in its event methods which block the thread for long time. If needed, `ExecutorService` can be used to transfer long running processes to another thread and offload current listener thread.

## Event Listeners

-   **MembershipListener** for cluster membership events
-   **DistributedObjectListener** for distributed object creation and destroy events
-   **MigrationListener** for partition migration start and complete events
-   **LifecycleListener** for HazelcastInstance lifecycle events
-   **EntryListener** for IMap and MultiMap entry events
-   **ItemListener** for IQueue, ISet and IList item events (please refer to Event Registration and Configuration sections of [Set](#set) and [List](#list)).
-   **MessageListener** for ITopic message events
-   **ClientListener** for client connection events

## Global Event Configuration

- `hazelcast.event.queue.capacity`: default value is 1000000
- `hazelcast.event.queue.timeout.millis`: default value is 250
- `hazelcast.event.thread.count`: default value is 5

There is a striped executor in each node to control and dispatch received events to user. This striped executor also guarantees the order. For all events in Hazelcast, the order that events are generated and the order they are published to the user are guaranteed for given keys. For map and multimap, order is preserved for the operations on same key of the entry. For list, set, topic and queue, order is preserved for events on that instance of the distributed data structure.

Order guarantee is achieved by making only one thread responsible for a particular set of events (entry events of a key in a map, item events of a collection, etc.) in `StripedExecutor`.

If event queue reaches the capacity (`hazelcast.event.queue.capacity`) and last item cannot be put to the event queue for timeout millis (`hazelcast.event.queue.timeout.millis`), these events will be dropped with a warning message like "EventQueue overloaded".

If listeners are doing a computation that requires a long time, this can cause event queue to reach its maximum capacity and lost of events. For map and multimap, `hazelcast.event.thread.count` can be configured to a higher value so that less collision occurs for keys, therefore worker threads will not block each other in `StripedExecutor`. For list, set,  topic and queue, heavy work should be offloaded to another thread. Notice that, in order to preserve order guarantee, the user should implement similar logic with `StripedExecutor` in offloaded thread pool.

<br> </br>

<font color="red">
***Related Information***
</font>

*Please refer to [Listener Configurations](#listener-configurations) section on how to configure each listener.*

<br> </br>

Commit message:

added event creation and filtering mechanism

hazelcast-documentation/src/DistributedEvents.md, after:


# Distributed Events

Hazelcast allows you to register for entry events to get notified when events occurred. Event Listeners are cluster-wide so when a listener is registered in one member of cluster, it is actually registering for events originated at any member in the cluster. When a new member joins, events originated at the new member will also be delivered.

An Event is created only if there is a listener registered. If there is no listener registered than no event will be created. If a predicate provided while registering the listener, predicate should pass before sending the event to the listener(node/client).

As a rule of thumb, event listener should not implement heavy processes in its event methods which block the thread for long time. If needed, `ExecutorService` can be used to transfer long running processes to another thread and offload current listener thread.

## Event Listeners

-   **MembershipListener** for cluster membership events
-   **DistributedObjectListener** for distributed object creation and destroy events
-   **MigrationListener** for partition migration start and complete events
-   **LifecycleListener** for HazelcastInstance lifecycle events
-   **EntryListener** for IMap and MultiMap entry events
-   **ItemListener** for IQueue, ISet and IList item events (please refer to Event Registration and Configuration sections of [Set](#set) and [List](#list)).
-   **MessageListener** for ITopic message events
-   **ClientListener** for client connection events

## Global Event Configuration

- `hazelcast.event.queue.capacity`: default value is 1000000
- `hazelcast.event.queue.timeout.millis`: default value is 250
- `hazelcast.event.thread.count`: default value is 5

There is a striped executor in each node to control and dispatch received events to user. This striped executor also guarantees the order. For all events in Hazelcast, the order that events are generated and the order they are published to the user are guaranteed for given keys. For map and multimap, order is preserved for the operations on same key of the entry. For list, set, topic and queue, order is preserved for events on that instance of the distributed data structure.

Order guarantee is achieved by making only one thread responsible for a particular set of events (entry events of a key in a map, item events of a collection, etc.) in `StripedExecutor`.

If event queue reaches the capacity (`hazelcast.event.queue.capacity`) and last item cannot be put to the event queue for timeout millis (`hazelcast.event.queue.timeout.millis`), these events will be dropped with a warning message like "EventQueue overloaded".

If listeners are doing a computation that requires a long time, this can cause event queue to reach its maximum capacity and lost of events. For map and multimap, `hazelcast.event.thread.count` can be configured to a higher value so that less collision occurs for keys, therefore worker threads will not block each other in `StripedExecutor`. For list, set,  topic and queue, heavy work should be offloaded to another thread. Notice that, in order to preserve order guarantee, the user should implement similar logic with `StripedExecutor` in offloaded thread pool.

<br> </br>

<font color="red">
***Related Information***
</font>

*Please refer to [Listener Configurations](#listener-configurations) section on how to configure each listener.*

<br> </br>
